# DISCLAIMER
Global disclaimer that applies to all repositories within this Github organistaion.  Please read before using and participating.  

This catalogue of repositories includes open source, proprietary and publicly available tools and services (collectively, the “Tools” and each, a “Tool”) that offer various functionalities. These tools are listed merely for the information of the user. They may be viewed, downloaded and/or used at the discretion of the user. In relation to these, please note the following:  
- INTERPOL has not developed or verified the Tools, does not endorse them, has no association with their providers, and does not license or provide any support for the use of such Tools. INTERPOL provides no warranties (express or implied) in relation to the Tools or any of them, their utility for any purpose or effectiveness.  
- Links to other websites from this Catalogue do not constitute an endorsement by INTERPOL, and are only provided as a convenience. It is the responsibility of the user to evaluate the content and usefulness of information obtained from other websites or using these Tools.
- INTERPOL does not control, monitor or guarantee the contents of the links or the Tools provided herein, their data security practices or their data collection practices; it does not endorse any views expressed or products or services offered therein.
- It may be necessary to create user accounts, pay subscription or one-time fees or upgradation fees in order to use some of these Tools. Registration or creation of user accounts, payment of fees or charges may require authorisation from your organisation and be subject to legal requirements in your jurisdiction (including for the creation of fake or assumed identities for this purpose). Please ensure that you have the requisite authorisations to use the Tools. INTERPOL does not encourage or in any manner, authorise doing so, and will not be liable in respect of any actions you take to create accounts or registrations, pay any fees or subscriptions, or if you assume any identities or create fake credentials, in order to use any Tool.
- Each of these Tools may be subject to licenses, privacy policies and to the terms and conditions of service contained therein. Please review carefully any such terms, conditions or privacy policies that apply to the use of any Tool you wish to use.
- Information entered into any of the Tools may be saved on the servers of the company that provides the Tool, and the legality of this within your jurisdiction must be tested and verified by you. It is also the responsibility of the user to test the data collection practices and privacy policies of the Tools as against their national legal requirements.
- Any use of the Tools (or any of them) is at your own risk, and INTERPOL shall not be liable or responsible under any circumstances for any damage or loss incurred, caused or alleged to be caused due to your use of or reliance upon any of these Tools. Any claims or actions in relation to any damage or loss incurred by a user should be directed to the providers of the Tool(s) and not INTERPOL.
- No data that is input in the use of any of these Tools will be transmitted to or be available to INTERPOL in any way. Should you choose to use any of the Tools for forensic, analytical or investigative purposes, you acknowledge that INTERPOL shall not receive any information in this regard, and at no point will be in the chain of custody of any evidence analysed or generated using any such Tool.  
